### Folder structure

- data_store
  - store.js: This file has the implementation of the local storage database that was assigned in the task.
  - db.json: This file get created automatically when no file path for storage.
- index.js: This file has a sample javascript code which uses store.js as a library to store data. It contains a test code to showcase how to use the library.

### Implementation detail of store.js

- The library contains a class named **LocalStore**
- The class implements **CRD i.e. Create, Read, Delete** operations using following functions
  - **createElement( key, value, timeToLive ) :** This function create a new element and adds it to the local database. The database stores information in a json file.
    - key - This is key for the data to be inserted
    - value - Information required to be stored corresponding to the above key (in json format)
    - timeToLive (optional parameter) - This defines the expiration time of the data being stored. If this value is not provided then the data being store never expires.
  - **readElement( key ) :** This function returns the value corresponding to the key passed as parameter to the function.
  - **deleteElement( key ) :** This function deletes the element, if exists, from the local database.
- All these functions return an object of same structure, which is:

```javascript
{data: null, errMessage: {message: "", systemMessage: ""}}
```

- If the function is a get type function like **readElement** then the returned object contains the required data in JSON form corresponding to the value of **data** property in this object.
- The error messages are returned in form of strings - **message** shows the custom generated message - **systemMessage** shows the message generated by the system in case any error occurs
- **Note :** First check the length if **message** property of **errMessage** in the returned object. If the length is not zero then the value corresponding to **data** property will be null and invalid. Use that message to debug the your code. ( The sample code in index.js demonstrates this approach ).
- Suppose **obj** is the variable which stores the returned object then:
  - **obj.data** gives the data required in JSON form(if the function called was to fetch some data else null)
  - **obj.errMessage.message** gives the custom error message in string form.
  - **obj.errMessage.message** gives the message generated by the system

### Error messages for corresponding invalid operations:

- If **createElement()** is called for a key which already exists then the error message displayed will be: **"Data already exists for the corresponding key"**
- if while inserting an element in the json file, an error occurs then the message will be : **"An error occured while inserting the data"**
- If **readElement()** is called for an empty file, error message displayed will be : **"The file is empty"**
- If **readElement()** or **deleteElement()** is called for a non existing key then : **"No element with the corresponding key exists in the database"**
- If **readElement()** or **deleteElement()** is called for a key which has expired according to it's timToLive property, then : **"This key has expired and cannot be read"**
